---
Title: "Day one of Yellowstone"
categories:
    - Travel
tags:
    - Yellowstone
---
# TODO
- [ ] Add pictures!
# Day One (May 18th, 2021)
## 5:30 am, Eastern Time
That's when we woke up :(. It was not very fun, but we got to see the sunrise in Ann Arbor, MI before we left! Our flight from DTW left at 8:30. We got to the airport with enough time to grab some tasty breakfast sandwiches / burritos before we left! We had a tight connection in Salt Lake City (when we deplaned at SLC, the connector flight was already boarding!). Luckily, there was a lot of construction at that gate, and we had to take a bus from the gate to the plane! The airport in SLC was surrounded by beautiful mountains - we should go back!

## 12:30, Mountain Time
We just landed in Bozeman, MT. The landing was rough on Dana, as her inner ear issues started to act up due to the turbulence / landing. She didn't puke though, which is impressive!
The Bozeman airport is very quaint - it tries hard to look like a log cabin. It was a great choice for tourists that are coming for the surrounding nature areas (like us), such as Big Sky, Yellowstone, Grand Teton, and Jackson Hole.
We had a long wait to pick up our rental car. We had to make a reservation because of a nationwide rental car shortage (Thank you, COVID-19!). We then drove 20 minutes into the town of Bozeman, and had dinner near Main Street. Bozeman reminded me a lot of Ann Arbor - not small, more and more modern every day (several notable highrises). Great food choices on and near Main Street, as well as several boutique shops. After getting a bison burger and bison pasta (delicious!!! :P) at a place called Urban Kitchen, we walked around and window shopped. At a book store, I picked up _Crime and Punishment_ by Dostoevsky, a famous (and very dead) Russian author.
We decided to head out shortly after that to our hotel in Gardiner, MT (5 minutes from the north entrance to Yellowstone). The drive in total was about an additional hour, but we stopped along the way for nice mountain photos and to see the Yellowstone river. According to a sign at a rest stop, Yellowstone River is the longest undammed river in the U.S. and helps 1/3 of Montana and much of northern Wyoming thrive.

# 5:30, Mountain Time
We finally made it to Gardiner! After check-in, we chatted with the front desk attendant about Yellowstone. It's a big park, and takes a while to travel across it (like 4 hours long). We were pretty weary from our early flight and travel stress, so we decided to shower and watch _Crazy Rich Asians_, a cute romantic comedy about **very** rich Asians in Singapore. It was pretty good! Very nice visuals (the parties were on the scale of _The Great Gatsby_). 

# 9:30, Mountain Time
Finally, we decided to create this blog, read a bit (I'm excited to start my new book, and Dana is working on _Little Fires Everywhere_). Looking forward to our adventures ahead!
Tomorrow, we will probably visit Mammoth Hot Springs to get an idea for how long it takes to drive around Yellowstone.
