---
Title: "Day six of Yellowstone"
categories:
    - Travel
tags:
    - Yellowstone
---
# Day 6 (May 22nd, 2021)
## 8:30 am
Early day today! We’ve got our sights set on a popular pancake house right next to our hotel called The Running Bear (what a great name!). In addition to excellent (and huge) pancakes, they had a delectable selection of espresso drinks, hence the early morning.

We had to wait a bit, but eventually, we got seated. I got banana pancakes (inside and on top) with a side of scrambled eggs, and Dana got hazelnut spread crepes with peaches. We split a Snickers Mocha with 2 shots of espresso.

## 11:30 am
Time to hit the park! First up on our list - see if the Grand Prismatic Spring is any more visible. After hitting some traffic near the entrance (too many people), we were on our way. It’s a good way our initial sight was to the south of the west entrance because all of the precipitation had caused a rockslide on the road from the west entrance north to the Norris Geyser Basin! Once arriving at the Midway Geyser Basin, we were able to take some better pictures of the other springs/geysers, but the Grand Prismatic was still densely covered in steam. If the Fairy Falls trail was open, perhaps an aerial shot would have worked.
The weather was very unpleasant this whole time, with some odd mix of rain, snow, and hail, depending on the minute.

After seeing the Grand Prismatic Spring + associates, we then went to the Biscuit Basin. There was a disappointing lack of actual biscuits. Alas, we persevered onwards and saw all of the sights. They were quite lovely! Very vibrant colors and deep blue pools. The surrounding “crust” of the basin was very bleached white (maybe where the idea for biscuit came from?), but the geological features were very prismatic and exciting indeed. The Sapphire Pool was our favorite!

After the Biscuit Basin, we went north to the Fountain Paint Pots. Here, we got to see the Clepsydra Geyser erupt, which was the 5th geyser in total we’ve seen erupt! That was very exciting. The paint pots themselves were very muddy, which was an interesting twist on the hot springs we’ve gotten used to. They’re bubbliest in the spring and can dry up in the summer, so we were glad to see them when we did! We also got to see the Red Spouter, which was created by an earthquake!

Next, we pulled into Firehole Canyon Drive to see what sights it had in store. It was a very cool 2-mile drive, where we got to see trees growing on the side of a cliff face and some very scenic views of the Firehole River.

After this nice detour, we went north (thankfully, the rockslide had been cleared up by then!) and visited Gibbon Falls. There were terrific views of the falls with a mountain backdrop and views of a valley to our south. By this time, the weather started to clear up, which was a nice change of pace.

Then we kept heading north to the Artist Paint Pots! While the paint pots themselves were so-so due to being much drier than the Fountain Paint Pots, we got to see the “Blood Geyser.” This geyser had iron precipitate in its water, which solidified on the surrounding rock in a matter of minutes, causing the area to be stained red. It was quite a neat sight to see!

Finally, we went back to the Norris Geyser Basin to complete the Back Basin Loop and enjoy some time in the now sunny weather. The 1.6-mile hike was nice, and we got to see the Steamboat Geyser, which was having one of its “frequent minor eruptions of 15 feet.” That made for 6 geysers in total we have seen erupted. We also got to see the Green Dragon Geyser (coincidentally the same name as my favorite sushi roll), which had a very cool green-colored overhang. We also got to see the Minute Geyser, which would have been very interesting if people from long ago didn’t completely block it by throwing rocks into it! We got a nice overview of the Porcelain Geyser Loop on the way back to the car, which we did on our previous trip to Norris.

Since we were now famished, we decided to head out of the park to grab some food.
 ## 7:30 pm
 Time for food! We went to the Wild West Pizzeria & Saloon, where I got some Lasagna and Dana got some “World Famous” Mac n Cheese with hot Italian sausage! 
 After that excellent dinner, we packed up the leftovers and headed back to the hotel (all the way across town ;) ). We freshened up, watched an episode of _The Queen’s Gambit_, and updated our blog!

 Tomorrow Dana has an exciting interview, so we will likely skip Yellowstone, but we will still update the blog on what we did that day.

 ## Daily Stats
 - 20,023 steps (Dana may have walked a few laps around the hotel room to get above 20,000)
 - 38 floors
 - 8.15 miles