---
Title: "Day five of Yellowstone"
categories:
    - Travel
tags:
    - Yellowstone
---
# Day 5 (May 22nd, 2021)
## 10:30 am
Ahh, what a lovely day to sleep in. After a long slumber (in part due to having to pee in the middle of the night), we got packed and planned the rest of the day in and around Old Faithful. We got lunch at a nearby place called Ernie’s that served delicious sandwiches. Dana had spicy turkey, hot pepper cheese, mayo, tomatoes, lettuce, and pesto! I had a hot pastrami sandwich with mustard on marbled rye bread. Yum!

## 1 pm
We drive into the west entrance to Yellowstone and run right into a Bison Backup - when traffic becomes stop and go for an hour or so due to bison being in/near the road. While it certainly put pressure on our already compressed timetable, we did enjoy seeing yet another herd of bison!

## 3 pm
We finally arrived at Old Faithful! After a quick stop in the General Store to figure out when Old Faithful would erupt next, we decided to shop around for a bit before finding a spot near the geyser.

Shortly after that, Old Faithful did erupt, and it was quite the sight to see! Sure, Old Faithful teased us at first with a handful of small gurgles, but then it spewed out gallons upon gallons of superheated water high into the air!

After watching the few minutes of the Old Faithful eruption, we decided to explore the rest of the Upper Geyser Basin. During this 2 or so hour walk, we saw many beautiful pools, bubbling geysers, and stinky sulfur clouds. We got to see 3 additional geysers go off along our walk, one of which usually erupts for 20 minutes!! In total, we saw Old Faithful, Castle, Riverside, and one unknown (to us) geyser all go off within a short timeframe. We even got to see the Morning Glory Basin, which was like a sneak peek of the Grand Prismatic Spring.

## 6 pm
The weather has cooled off, and we got hungry, so we decided to get some dinner from the Old Faithful Lodge. I got a BBQ platter, and Dana got a BBQ pulled pork sandwich. She definitely got the better meal. Luckily, we had the foresight to also get cheesecake and white cheddar mac n cheese, both of which were delicious! While we were hoping to snag some huckleberry ice cream, we had to leave that dream for another day.

By the time we started to eat dinner, we had started to get rained upon, so we finished up in the car and planned to cut the day short and head home.

## 7 pm
After a bit of driving, the rain let up, so we decided to see if we could see the Grand Prismatic Spring at the Midway Geyser Basin. Unfortunately, the rain caused the springs in the basin to emit a lot of steam, so much so that seeing them became a challenge, and taking a good picture of them became next to impossible! We resolved to revisit another day but still looked at all of the springs/geysers in the area since we were there, and the weather was nice.

## 8:30 pm
Home sweet Hotel room. We made good time since we didn’t run into a Bison Backup on the way out of the park (although we did get to see some more bison, including witnessing a baby drinking milk from its mother)!

## Daily Stats
- 17,154 steps
- 37 floors
- 7.01 miles